{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 {\b Brian Ephraim} - Senior Web / Javascript Engineer at Viggle Inc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Hell's Kitchen, New York, NY\line 914-482-2364\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto://brianephraim@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
brianephraim@gmail.com
}}}
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/brianephraim"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
@brianephraim
}}}
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=112481106"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
linkedin.com/profile/view?id=112481106
}}}
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://github.com/defualt"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
github.com/defualt
}}}
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/defualt"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
gist.github.com/defualt
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Code samples (unminified, view source)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://defualt.github.io/sloganizer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
defualt.github.io/sloganizer/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://defualt.github.io/accordionizer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
defualt.github.io/accordionizer/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.inperson.in"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
www.inperson.in
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Computer environment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Javascript\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 jQuery - Angular - Backbone - Meteor - Grunt - Bower\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 CSS3\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 LESS - Sass - Bootstrap - Foundation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Backend\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Node - MongoDB - AWS - PHP - MySQL\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Version Control\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Git - GitHub - Bitbucket\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Applications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chrome DevTools - Sublime2 - Terminal - Xcode - GitHub - Photoshop\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Advanced Capabilities\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Javascript MVC/MVW\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Production of single page web apps from a variety of frameworks\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 CSS3/JS Animation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Complex browser animation with fluid frame rates and 3D effects, with bouncy easing, across Android 2-4, iPhone, iPad, and desktop browsers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Touch and other DOM event control\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Optimized user experience between touch and mouse interfaces, for snappy, predictable, and draggable interaction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Responsive design\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Fluid CSS, Media queries, Retina vs non-retina, js window resize and orientation handlers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Mobile debugging\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Solutions for bugs, and merging APIs and behaviors between Android stock 2-4, Android Chrome, and iOs for issues concerning scroll, forms, softkeyboard, and URL bar.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Professional Development\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Viggle Inc. - Senior Web / Javascript Engineer, April 2013 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Architecting an AngularJs HTML5 app within a hybrid iPad app with transactional functionality.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Directing and merging code contributions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Coordinating production deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Estimating tasks, researching technology, and planning for future initiatives.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 inPerson.in / Blaboid Inc. - Entrepreneur, November 2010 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Launching a privacy focused social networking platform for finding people to meet in person to do activities or have conversations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Performing business coordination with lawyer, accountant, and consultants.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developing the platform, consisting of a single page HTML5 mobile web app with user generated content, hosted on Amazon, with PHP/MySQL backend.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Alexander Interactive - Front End Web Developer, May 2011 - March 2012\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Serving E-commerce clients such as Lowe\u8217's Home Improvement.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Doing agile with daily scrum calls, sprint planning/review, and demos for executive product owners.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Flying to client corporate headquarters for onsite consulting.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 KickApps/Kit Digital - Front End Web Developer, October 2010 - May 2011\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Developing social portals for such clients as:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The Doctor Oz TV Show\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab MIT University\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Penguin publishers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Book Of Cool\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Squabbler\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Sharecare\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Leap4Life\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Rail Europe - Web designer, 2006 - October 2010\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab developing mobile and desktop web front end\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Epoch - Audio Engineer/Guitarist, 2005 - 2006\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab assembling and programming a technology platform for the band's improvisational electronic music\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab building the band's website\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Regeneron Pharmaceuticals - Graphic designer, 2000-2005\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designing logos, banners, posters, fliers and presentation materials\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Preparing images for patent submission\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Formatting scientific imagery for publication\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Philosophy Major, Bachelor of Arts, Ithaca College, Ithaca, NY\par}
}
